docs: add contribution section to the docs (#3396)
embeddings-benchmark/mteb: docs/adding_a_benchmark.md

## Adding a benchmark

The MTEB Leaderboard is available [here](https://huggingface.co/spaces/mteb/leaderboard) and we encourage additions of new benchmarks.

To add a new benchmark:

1. Add your benchmark to [benchmarks.py](https://github.com/embeddings-benchmark/mteb/blob/main/mteb/benchmarks/benchmarks/benchmarks.py) as a [`Benchmark`][mteb.Benchmark] object, and select the MTEB tasks that will be in the benchmark. If some of the tasks do not exist in MTEB, follow the ["add a dataset"](./adding_a_dataset.md) instructions to add them.
2. Open a PR at [results repository](https://github.com/embeddings-benchmark/results) with results of models on your benchmark.

> 3. When your PR with benchmarks results is merged, you should add your benchmark to the most fitting section in [benchmark_selector.py](https://github.com/embeddings-benchmark/mteb/blob/main/mteb/leaderboard/benchmark_selector.py) to be shown on the leaderboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. [optional] When your PR with benchmarks results is merged, you can add your benchmark to the most fitting section in [benchmark_selector.py](https://github.com/embeddings-benchmark/mteb/blob/main/mteb/leaderboard/benchmark_selector.py) to be shown on the leaderboard.
```
